let's all do comments in the exact same format compliant to googles docstring
comments guidelines:

https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html


File header comments:
    """
    University: University of Amsterdam
    Course: Scientific Computing
    Authors: Margarita Petrova, Maan Scipio, Pjotr Piet
    ID's: 15794717, 15899039, 12714933

    Description: A one-line summary of the module or program, terminated by a period.

    Leave one blank line.  The rest of this docstring should contain an
    overall description of the module or program.  Optionally, it may also
    contain a brief description of exported classes and functions and/or usage
    examples.

    Typical usage example:

    foo = ClassFoo()
    bar = foo.function_bar()
    """


Function comments (NOTE could maybe be a bit more lenient, only use Args and
Returns and skip Raises same with examples, we could skip those for small
funcions. Besides, class 'self' parameters don't need any explanation since
this explanation will already be done at the start of the class.):
    """Fetches rows from a Smalltable.

    Retrieves rows pertaining to the given keys from the Table instance
    represented by table_handle.  String keys will be UTF-8 encoded.

    Args:
        table_handle: An open smalltable.Table instance.
        keys: A sequence of strings representing the key of each table
            row to fetch.  String keys will be UTF-8 encoded.
        require_all_keys: If True only rows with values set for all keys will be
            returned.

    Returns:
        A dict mapping keys to the corresponding table row data
        fetched. Each row is represented as a tuple of strings. For
        example:

        {b'Serak': ('Rigel VII', 'Preparer'),
            b'Zim': ('Irk', 'Invader'),
            b'Lrrr': ('Omicron Persei 8', 'Emperor')}

        Returned keys are always bytes.  If a key from the keys argument is
        missing from the dictionary, then that row was not found in the
        table (and require_all_keys must have been False).

    Raises:
        IOError: An error occurred accessing the smalltable.
    """